For this project, the template for a PCB for Project 1 was created. The PCB is not going to be printed, this was practice in designing it. 
The first step for this was creating a library. Most of the library is based off the MISC library given by Professor Welsh. Two devices, the PocketBeagle and LED Button were created by me. For the PocketBeagle, the footprint used was created in class. I took the example symbol and split it into two symbols for used and unused ports. The footprint and two symbols were used to create the device. For the LED Button device, I needed to create the footprint and symbol, then the device. The LED Buttons aren’t connected directly to the board, so I just needed to create places for the 4 wires per button to be soldered onto the board. 
After creating the library, the schematics were made. This involved placing all the parts used onto the sheet and connecting the correct pins. The devices included the PocketBeagle, servomotor, hex display, transistor, 4 LED Buttons, buzzer, 6 fiducials, 4 mounting holes, and multiple 1k resistors. One PocketBeagle symbol has all the pins that are connected, while the other has all the unconnected pins. This allowed for better organization on the schematic.
Next, the board layout was done. The board is 4 layers. The middle layers are the ground and power planes. The top layer has the hex display and buzzer since they are visible outside the box. The bottom layer has the PocketBeagle, transistor, LED Buttons, and servomotor. The routing was then done for the layers. Checks were run to make sure there was not interference between parts.
MacroFab Costs for 48-day lead time with parts attached: 1 board: $907.06 	10 boards: $66.945	  100 boards: $26.398 	  1000 boards: $23.034
